you know it is a doubleheader of
holidays here in the United States today
is both indigenous peoples and Columbus
Day depending on where you stand on
slavery I guess I don't know I have to
say a lot of my I'm Italian I'm an
italian-american and many of my fellow
Italian Americans get defensive about
Christopher Columbus I'm not sure why
because first of all he was working for
Spain he wasn't even working for Italy
secondly never even got to North America
he was never here did you know that the
closest he got was the Bahamas that he
died thinking he went to India and found
a trade route to China he did neither
one of those things he this was a guy
with three boats in a bad sense of
direction and we Columbus is basically
the 1492 version of the people who write
first in the youtube comment section for
some reason Italians think it's an
insult to our ancestry to say no to
Columbus Columbus missed India by 9,000
miles and still decided to call everyone
he met Indians anyway you know Leonardo
da Vinci invented the helicopter in 1493
he drew a helicopter I don't we
celebrate him there are a hunch maybe
500 more deserving Italians we could be
celebrating today da Vinci Michelangelo
Marco D bon jovi we get up Bonzo
[Applause]
cowboys and honesty awards we ride
instead we honor a man whose gift to
America was measles so any Christopher
Columbus had one job but he screwed that
up at today as a nod to Columbus we went
out on a Hollywood Boulevard that was
our journey today to find out if people
on the street could do a better job of
finding the places Columbus couldn't can
you find India for us I am going to say
it's somewhere in this direction I just
don't know exactly where India would be
here nope that's Japan over here no over
here
No
over here no it's Greenland can you do
us a favor short and find India for us
on a map oh yeah I'm Texas oh yeah yeah
that's where Texas is right right here
right that's Texas congratulate yeah
we're in Texas are you from this little
general area oh it's a pretty big city
without near Dallas can you show us the
route that you took to get from Texas
sure I can wait over to Kelly got on a
plane here in Dallas and then about
three hours later I ended up in LAX
where did you go show us on with the
pointer oh yeah from right right here
uh-huh all the way over but yes all the
way over here to California North
America but wait continent what kind is
this you organ is qualified a navigator
as Christopher Columbus and so therefore
happy Columbus happy Columbus station
you navigate only challenged idiot I
didn't even know it's Columbus Day what
a people India called India not Indians
what yeah right sure
but from India yeah Indonesia one more
time would you find Texas for us sure
Texas is located right here in North
America try here towards the bottom we
know this is South America we don't know
that oh we're not a hundred percent
confident because it's not labeled maybe
like oh you know what honey this one
looks like more like North America
it sure does yeah okay okay I'm getting
close then this one I hear would be
Texas yeah okay we're getting hotter
Texas right it yep and then we and then
our in California right so where's Cal
afford show us the route you took well I
know because I always get Florida in
California mixed up you do they're on
opposite sides but this right here would
be California then that is California I
just flip-flopped on what year did
Christopher Columbus supposedly set out
to discover me I've got this one because
I learned the little song about it
Christopher Columbus sailed the ocean
blue in 1942 or 7042 22 1920 to 1922
there's a little rhyme on there yeah you
did
[Music]
CNN should hire him to run the magic
wall you know if you liked that video
click the subscribe button but only if
you're ready for commitment